The Happy Holiday Hotel is a small English
hotel near the sea.
These people work there.
George, the hotel manager.
Mary, she helps George.
George and Mary are married.
Judy, the cook.
Peter, an old man.
He helps outside in the garden and carries
the bags in the hotel.
Tell.
Scene 1, the telephone call.
In the Happy Holiday Hotel, it is three
o'clock.
George is talking to Mary.
The telephone rings.
Hello. Happy Holiday Hotel.
George Harris here.
Yes, I am the manager.
Tony, who?
Oh, Tony Maddock, the TV star.
Your Tony Maddock's secretary.
I see.
Yes, that's fine.
You want a large room for Tony and
he wants to see the sea.
Right?
Yes, yes, I know.
Tony is very important.
A TV star.
Yes, fish, you say?
Yes, that's easy.
Right then.
Today, Tony's coming today.
Fine.
Goodbye and thank you.
George puts down the telephone.
Today, Tony's coming today.
Mary, listen, I've got good news.
Don't shout, George.
What is it?
Tony Maddock.
You know, the television star is coming to
our hotel this afternoon.
Oh, Tony Maddock.
He's famous.
He's coming here at five o'clock today.
He's a TV star, you say?
Is he in Neighbors?
I don't watch TV very much.
Neighbors?
Probably.
He's going to have our best room and
our best food.
I'm going to look at the room now.
Fine, George, but I'm busy.
I'm going to the supermarket.
Don't be silly, Mary.
You can't go to the shops now.
He is a famous man.
Do you understand an important person?
Tony Maddock.
I don't know him.
Is he very rich?
I don't know, Mary, but he's very important.
I know that.
Yes.
Well, I'm going to the shops now.
See you later, George.
But, Mary, stop!
Sing two.
Fish for dinner.
In the kitchen.
Good morning, Judy.
We've got good news.
Tony Maddock is coming today.
The famous TV star.
Tony Ho.
I don't think I know the name.
I don't like TV.
I like reading.
Tony Maddock.
That's right.
Now, what have you got for dinner?
Have you got any fish?
He likes fish, his secretary says?
No, I haven't got any fish today, Mr.
Harris.
Sorry, I've got some chicken.
No, he wants fish.
Can you buy some?
Oh, no, Mr. Harris.
I never buy fish on Thursdays.
I always buy chicken.
Well, his secretary says fish, not chicken.
Right?
Don't shout at me.
I don't like it.
I'm leaving.
I'm not going to buy anything.
I'm going home.
No, Judy, please stop.
I'm sorry, Judy.
You're a good cook, Judy.
A beautiful cook.
Please don't leave now.
Mr. Maddock is coming here today.
And he wants fish.
Please, please, please, please, Judy.
Go and buy some nice fish.
No, it's chicken on Thursdays.
Right?
Oh, okay, Judy.
Chicken.
Scene three.
In the garden.
Hello, Mr. Harris.
You don't usually come into the garden.
Can I help you?
Hello, Peter.
I need some flowers for our best room.
Well, ten hours on the telephone.
That's a long time.
And expensive, too.
No, Peter.
Not ten hours.
I want some flowers for our best room.
Okay, okay.
Don't shout, Mr. Harris.
I'm going to hear you.
Flowers.
I've got lots of flowers.
Thanks, Peter.
Therefore an important TV star.
He's coming here today.
What's that?
Your green car?
No, Peter.
No.
A TV star here today.
Okay, Mr. Harris.
Don't shout.
I can hear you.
Scene four.
The new light for Tony's room.
In the corridor.
Mary, can you help me?
Take these flowers to Tony's room, please.
I've got this new light for the room.
Do you like it?
The new light is green.
It has yellow and red flowers on it.
Oh, George.
It's horrible.
You can't put that in his room.
Yes, I can.
I think it's beautiful.
I like it and I'm going to put
it up now.
Can you help me?
Oh, all right.
Give me the flowers.
In the room.
Hold the ladder, Mary.
I'm going to put the light up.
Careful now.
I want a cup of coffee.
Please, Mary.
Not now.
Hold the ladder for me.
Careful.
There.
Ouch!
You're standing on my hand.
Hold the ladder, Mary.
Don't go.
Mary.
Help!
He falls off the ladder.
Ooh.
My head.
Scene five.
An old woman arrives.
It is five o'clock.
A woman is getting out of the taxi.
Good afternoon.
Are you the manager?
No.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
Have you got a room here for me?
A room?
Oh, no.
I'm afraid we're full.
We are very busy this year.
What?
No rooms.
Busy.
But I think my city...
That's right.
No rooms.
We've got important people in the hotel today.
But what's your name?
Margaret Adams.
And I'm tired, too.
Oh, all right.
Come in.
In the hotel again.
Yes, you can have a room for one
or two nights.
But it's small and you can't see the
sea.
But I want to see the sea.
Have you got any other rooms?
I don't know.
No.
There isn't another room.
We're very busy, you see.
And I'm very tired.
The small room's okay.
Why are you busy?
A famous TV star is coming.
Oh, very interesting.
Do you like TV?
No.
Yes.
Very much.
Yes, I do, too.
I like film's best.
She laughs.
Here's your key.
Your room is number five.
Thank you.
I'm going up to my room now.
Please bring my bag.
It's outside in the street.
The woman goes out.
A bag?
I haven't got time.
I can't take her back to her room.
George carries the woman's bag into the hotel
and quickly puts it in a cupboard.
Mary comes in.
She is drinking coffee.
Who's that woman, George?
That's Miss Adams.
She's in room five.
Oh, that's a horrible room.
It's very small.
And you can't see the sea.
That's right.
But it is quiet.
It's fine for her.
She's only going to stay for one or
two nights.
Do you like the new light in the
big room?
It's nice, I think.
Very nice.
It's horrible, George.
Red and yellow flowers.
And it's very big.
Is it safe?
Safe?
Yes.
Oh, yes, it's safe.
Scene six.
The TV star.
It is half past five.
A young man is coming into the hotel
carrying a small bag.
He is wearing jeans.
Oh, hello, hello.
Hello.
Welcome.
Thank you.
He takes the man's hand.
That's okay.
Why?
You've got the big room.
And there's a new light in there for
you too.
A beautiful new light.
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
But I don't understand.
Well, you're famous.
You're a TV star.
Me?
Famous.
A TV star.
He laughs.
And here's the key to your room.
I can take your bag.
Oh, thank you.
But it's not heavy.
I can carry it.
And I'm not famous.
Yes, you are.
But I'm not.
Ah, I see.
You're not famous.
You don't want any TV cameras here.
Yes, I understand.
You understand.
Yes.
You want a quiet holiday.
You're not famous.
All right.
I understand.
Good.
Can I see the sea from my room?
Oh, yes.
It's one of the rooms in the front
of the hotel.
It's very nice.
Is it expensive?
I haven't got a lot of money, you
know.
That's okay.
I like you.
I don't need the money.
For you, the room is free.
I don't understand.
Mary.
Come here.
Come and meet Mr. Maddock.
Mary comes in.
She's holding a cup of coffee.
What do you want now?
Mary.
Meet Mr. Maddock.
This is my wife, Mary.
George takes Mary's arm.
Her coffee goes over the young man's jeans.
Oh, I'm very sorry.
Your jeans.
I'm sorry, Mr.
Mr. Brown.
Paul Brown.
I'm sorry, Mr. Maddock.
Please excuse my wife.
We can clean your jeans for you here.
I'm very sorry.
Oh, it's all right.
It isn't important.
I can wash my jeans.
I'm sorry, Mr. Brown.
Don't be silly, Mary.
His name is Mr. Maddock.
Er, no.
My name is Paul Brown.
Yes, Mary.
In this hotel, his name is Paul Brown.
But on TV, his name is Tony Maddock.
You understand?
He wants a quiet holiday.
He smiles at the young man.
What?
Mary, please ask Peter to take Mr. Brown's
bag to his room quickly now.
Thank you.
Can I get another cup of coffee?
No, Mary, you can't.
The bag, Mary.
Do you like flowers, Mr. Brown?
You've got some nice flowers in your room.
Yeah, from our garden, you know.
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
I don't like flowers very much.
Fine, fine.
I don't like flowers either.
Mary, put the flowers in the kitchen, please.
But Peter's going to be very angry, George.
In the kitchen, Mary.
Mary and the young man go out.
The woman comes in.
Excuse me, but where's my bag?
What?
Oh, your bag.
It's here.
I need it in my room.
Yes, yes.
I'm sorry, Mrs.
But not now.
I am going to take it to your
room, but I'm very busy now.
We have a very important person in the
hotel.
But my glasses are in the bag.
I can't learn the new plea without my
glasses.
Sorry, Mrs.
Not now.
The young man comes in again.
Mr. Brown, there you are.
Is the room okay, Mr. Brown?
Yes, it's fine.
Thank you.
Good, good.
Would you like anything?
A drink?
Some champagne?
A television?
No, nothing, thank you.
Please have a drink.
Mary, bring a bottle of champagne.
Mary comes in.
Champagne, George?
Yes, bring a bottle of champagne and ask
Peter to put the television in Mr. Brown's
room.
But I don't like television and I don't
drink champagne.
Thank you very much.
He doesn't want them, George.
I'm going out for a walk near the
sea now.
What time is dinner?
Dinner's at half past seven, Mr. Brown.
Mary, go to the kitchen and talk to
Judy about dinner, please.
Don't shout, George.
I'm going.
Mary goes to the kitchen.
The young man goes out.
George goes back to reception.
My bag, please, Mr. Harris.
Ah, yes.
It's here in the cupboard.
You can take it to your room now.
But I can't carry the bag.
It's very heavy and I'm 74 years old.
Oh, all right.
Give it to me.
He goes to the cupboard and takes out
her bag.
They go out.
Scene seven, I don't like champagne.
In the hotel's restaurant, it is after eight
o'clock.
George is looking at a picture on the
wall.
The old woman is sitting at a table.
Mr. Harris.
Yes?
I'd like my dinner now, please.
It's ten minutes past eight now, you know.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We're very busy today.
What would you like?
I'd like some fish.
I'm sorry, Mrs.
We haven't got any fish.
No, there isn't any fish.
Oh, well.
What about a pizza?
There's pizza here on the menu.
Sorry.
There's no pizza today.
No pizza.
Well, what have you got?
Chicken.
We've got chicken.
All right.
I'd like some chicken, please.
George is not listening.
The young man is coming into the restaurant.
George goes to Mr. Brown's table.
Hello, Mr. Brown.
Here's your table.
Mr. Brown sits down.
Can I help you?
What can I get for you?
I'd like some chicken, please, Mr. Harris.
All right, Mrs.
All right.
Don't shout.
I'm sorry, Mr.
I'd like a glass champagne, Mr. Brown.
Would you like some champagne now?
It's free.
No, thanks.
A glass of water, please.
Please have some champagne.
No, no.
I don't like champagne.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
George goes to the woman's table.
He is angry.
Mrs.
My name is Adams.
Miss Adams.
We have a famous TV star here.
And we're very busy.
I can't do everything.
Do you understand that?
Oh, yes.
I understand.
I am a TV star.
Who?
What?
You're a TV star.
That's right.
My name is Tony Maddock.
But Tony Maddock is a man.
Oh, no.
Tony is a woman's name, too.
T-O-N-I.
My real name is Margaret Adams.
But on TV, my name is Tony Maddock.
What?
Oh, no.
Yes, Mr. Harris.
And now I'm going to leave this hotel,
the Happy Holiday Hotel.
I don't know about happy, but I know
it isn't good.
And I'm not happy here.
I've got a small room.
I can't see the sea.
And, Mr. Harris, you're a very silly man.
Tony Maddock goes out of the restaurant.
George looks at the young man sadly.
And who are you?
I'm Paul Brown.
You're not the TV star.
No, Mr. Harris.
I'm a student.
A student?
He runs to the door.
Miss Maddock, Miss Maddock, please don't leave.
Have some champagne, please.
It's free.
In the corridor, outside the big room,
the woman is talking to Mary.
Mary has got the woman's bag.
I'm very sorry.
George is the only one.
It's silly sometimes.
We can move you to the big room.
And the young man can have the other
room.
Please don't leave now.
In the big room, Mary and Tony Maddock
are looking out of the window.
George runs into the room.
Miss Maddock, here you are.
Please stay.
You can have the room for nothing.
Free.
He takes her arm.
No, I'm sorry.
Goodbye, Mr. Harris.
She is standing under the new lamp.
Suddenly the lamp begins to fall.
George, stop.
Listen.
Oh!
Dad!
George pushes the woman.
She falls over.
George falls on top of her.
The lamp falls on George's head.
He lies there and doesn't move.
Miss Maddock, are you all right?
I'm fine.
She gets up.
But how is Mr. Harris?
George?
George.
Speak to me, George.
Oh, Mr. Harris.
Are you all right?
They look at George.
He doesn't speak or move.
That horrible light isn't safe.
Oh, George, can you hear me?
Please say something, George.
Now I understand.
That lamp nearly, and Mr. Harris...
Oh, what a nice man.
Because of Mr. Harris, I'm safe.
Thank you, Mr. Harris.
Thank you, George.
Champagne.
What a nice man.
Thank you, Mrs. Harris.
Don't thank me.
Thanks, Silio, George.
Would you like a glass of champagne now,
Miss Maddock?
They go out.
George is lying on the floor.
He slowly opens one eye.
He's very...
No, she's very, very famous.
She's a star.